I'm very excited to be in the capital of
the Champagne region where to start and
chef Arnold Alamo will be cooking up
three delectable dishes first we start
with the longest in a la plancha with an
olive in Champagne tapenade followed by
a succulent parsley encrusted spring
lamb loin then of course my favorite
dessert a raspberry investor and with a
unique lemon twist today I'm in the
beautiful city of grants the capital of
French Champagne and behind me this
amazing Gothic cathedral one of the
finest that you'll find in Europe just
look at the details on that building
let's go and check it out begun in 12010
this building celebrated its 800th
birthday this year however the story of
ants and it's connection to the French
reality goes back much further than that
in fact for over 1500 years a Haas has
been the traditional place to crown
French kings if I was going to be handed
a crown I would wanted to happen here as
the capital of champagne so join me
Ashley James for another bubbly episode
of cuisine culture
I'm chef Ashley James
when I'm not catering to the demands of
stars in LA I'm turning the world
cooking with culinary geniuses take your
gourmet passport and learn how to cook
like a master chef
and eat like a celebrity
today we're heading a few miles out of
town to tanker where talented young chef
named Arnold Alma has won himself two
Michelin stars in the last ten years
Alma is faintings bold and original
manipulation of upscale ingredients I'm
really looking forward to tasting this
feast such a beautiful place last year
champion was Wow two Michelin stars made
the Cruze native Hans that's quite
something
thank you so much good morning
how can you come to the beautiful region
of champagne and not come to last year
chompin was with a famous chef himself
Arno Alamo hey Saba yeah I move heavy on
IFC fine so what are we gonna be cooking
today I mean these langoustine yes they
look beautiful Lucy beautifully so the
northwest of France from the Brittany
region I mean I don't think I've ever
seen longest it's so beautiful I see
some olives here yes I'm gonna try this
Wow delicious olives from South of
France
and we have here some vinegar berries
amico balsamic vinegar yes
okay you go you olive oil and what oh
great no it's official
that's water you are it's a widow of
some very good so let's get going so
what we have to do first so you take the
rule is clean okay
I don't think I've ever seen language
seen so so some fresh I love this it's
very sweet yeah great yes so we have one
two three four five six we did two
plates no no okay so the nos on it yes
it's very good
because it to be your favorite mixer yes
after you put some batter becoming
vinegar balsamic vinegar yes oh where is
this olive oil from Indonesia will
deliver where's it from
women right that's great and is this the
water champagne yes probably the most
expensive water in the world the water
from a champagne yeah it should I put
all of this in yes okay there we go
so what is next we have to have lend it
we think this kombucha blender we're
gonna make a tabla nod yes empanada is
so tapping out that delicious French
preparation from the South of France a
fury of olives I feel it's very
important to put inside this workshop on
a little bit of champagne yes you do it
great and grow the world is a good
acidity with langoustine absolutely and
it's gonna give some brightness to the
area
the olives the tapenade something
amazing about honors cuisine is is the
simplicity look we're literally cooking
with how many things about five
ingredients and creating a two Michelin
star dish so Ashley the tapenade it's
finish that's great yes we cook the
longest in okay okay okay la plancha
a la plancha a la plancha and this is
very important because for the Robeson
is not too much cooker okay so we don't
cook very much okay not to mention look
with paper on side okay
should I put a bit of salt yes okay okay
I'm olive oil a la plancha what I'm
smoking that's good yes certainly very
hard
I only know Lucille buddy could already
looks good it up back off so we're
putting them the top side down we've
seasoned them with salt and pepper la
plancha very very hot as you can see
with extra virgin olive oil so you're
painting the plate
yeah with a brush for the tapenade yes
okay
it's very delicious I'm gonna say yes so
we're just wiping the plate
all the way down to give us a perfect
straight edge that nice one one fast
just one side yes one fan well this was
giving more on the main bit
crunchy and after it's a more sweet and
golden Sahara mised you take 1111 Ramon
we are we just gonna use the juice or
and then okay afterwards we're gonna put
a bit of juice that smells so good I
want to see that looks delicious
there we go
I put some lemon juice
yes Somali wine okay and you said some
pepper as well yeah a little more pepper
up with the pepper there we go
simplicity elegance yes and all about
the product I okay
I'm the champagne thank you promise me a
glass of champagne
that that look looks very very good not
champagne looks really delicious Wow
okay Mel C up so this is the first dish
that really gets the mouth ready for
something delicious
so this is a beautiful loin of lamb
which has been deboned from the rack of
lamb
alright very good it's really beautiful
because it's not too wet that's right
it's pretty white so it's obviously a
very young laughs yes yes and what's
this here go let's go yes that's the
first signal salt and pepper so iron on
has taking this beautiful lamb loin and
he's tied it up with some string yes
because keep its shape and to make sure
that the cooking is Eva how we gonna
cook this pasta a la plancha
I like this
so much always so on the griddle with
olive oil since 3 minutes 3 minutes 3
minutes on each side three minutes and
three minutes there we go delicious so
what do I need to do next and we take
the bread and F will be served grams
there we go
shop blue as they say in friendship okay
shut down to the drain crumbs
there we go and this is some chopped
past with this shall I put off all of
that yes everything this is that's great
that's a lot of parsley it's gonna give
a nice flavor some pepper some salt and
pepper
yes so certain people always very
important there we go
salt and pepper we don't put too much
there we go I think that's good now okay
I thought on the mixer we're gonna mix
it okay let's go to the next song
and I thought we mix we mix that
together in the blender so that is going
to give us well some green breadcrumbs
and parsley breadcrumbs so there we have
a very sharply hey Ashley okay so about
three minutes a bit feeding the product
feeling underneath always need to add
extra Lavoie oil give it some extra do
this that is how I learn news news going
in France when you're cooking you have
to feed the food
in this case is amazing olive oil from
the South of France
so the breadcrumbs that smells of
parsley sauce on the PLC yeah all right
oh honey what a minute of wet that go up
great great
so there we have it the parsley
breadcrumbs great what else do we need
for this dish I see here what is the
what is this Julia
yes and you'll do okay lamb juice so
you've made that a better classical way
yes he couldn't so I know roasted the
lamb bones after roasting the lamb bones
and put a balloon was very small chopped
vegetables he rose to them off and then
you just put water no no yes but not any
water champagne water okay so that's
special water and then you cooked it for
how long how many hours i instr don't a
long time oven two or three years so she
cooked it for two or three hours then he
strained it then he reduced it okay
taking that string off there we go the
lamb is gonna feel a bit busier right
okay so once
we're gonna roll that how is that I'm
sorry
Wow look at that how beautiful it's okay
he's that good want it so great okay
this champagne vinegar what I love is a
simplicity all right well it's you know
what the recipes are simple but
obviously the products are the best you
can find and obviously the technique
you're cooking makes the product shine
and finish you think of it we take a
plate good where we have a play
beautiful loin of lamb with a parsley
redhounds you gonna cut the ends off
and look at that done is this such a fee
I would love to you that's the great
thing about working in the kitchen you
always get these scrap bins but you have
to be careful not to eat too much are so
tender so you're putting a bone in
that's pretty cool so now it looks like
a so Arrakis a special sort of rack of
lamb yes your style yes your style of
rack of lamb it's pretty cool and you
lose champagne vinegar so that's gonna
give a nice acidity it's gonna make you
pay give it a lot of brightness
okay the finish was beautiful I love the
acidity so nice and bright
that is so cool I really like that
simplicity but very elegant look at the
perfect temperature of the Lamb
nice and medium-rare with a good evening
cooking
a few leaves of salad
so yes because this is so amazing
yes I mean I mean which our Schumer's
speak about the coffee culture of
champagne to try to catch any more of
that anymore
what about swine washer and wipe our
champagnes it was not important today to
know that whatever date you go that fact
of life status as lifestyle champagne
design first shun and Ingrid went first
and it could lead pair up with man even
breakfast lunch dinner even breakfast
the beauty about champagne to the
hatchery about wonderful and pain
partition wonderful use for our this
invention three us shall a peignoir
graves shall be all animals in their in
their species and therefore hence them
specimen thank you straight again
national champagne is not judged and
doesn't have to be yesterday riding
first but already doesn't have to enjoy
ratio spread beverage or the current and
to enjoy this bread beverage penetration
so who doesn't like this said I'm here
today with Sebastian the pastry chef
here my shopping and I say the shop it
was wall up so about your heart so
that's a more tradition is often served
with ice cream with fresh raspberries
delicious so we're gonna start whipping
up the egg whites we whip the egg whites
from soft peaks gradually
so as you can see we have the egg whites
which softly sup peeps we're gonna have
a feather the sugar
I'm gonna add another curve okay so here
we have the room which is nicely whipped
that looks good so as you can see
delicious soft peaks of meringue like so
and we're going to put in the icing
sugar I'm gently folding the icing sugar
into the meringue that is nice nicely
mixed just spread them around on putting
this wax paper it's really pretty book
here I've been a big push well that cool
washcloth so this is a bit one more
what status or should I say it's lasting
this may open very precise procedure
it's very straight on the paper to the
right I'm going over you
actually this reminds me of some work I
recently did at home in my bathroom with
the tiles so there we go
great so we remove the stencil fpp up
for me
so if you roll it up to me love so we're
rolling the paper off as Eustatius tada
it's a very technical as you can see the
students roll the paper off with a
meringue making sure that it doesn't
stick together in the middle and then
we're going to insert it fit into this
and - Wow
I never seen that before I must say
that's pretty cool so there we go
just look at that
when you say I can see I can see you
guys good America so we're going to
leave this to dry in 12 to 12 hours and
14 Celsus like so very very very low
well fun but still we have some here but
already it's pretty cool so we're gonna
take it out like so very fragile and
then we're gonna feel the way just so we
have I'm wearing Senate are we gonna put
fresh raspberries out quite beautiful
Restless
so 500 points of light
Oh
well don't a coherent and unified you
double that Wow silver and silver
beautiful great so we have raspberries
behind we have some sorbet
yeah it's a - beautiful house of soul
mate you know about many years working
in France I was hoping you going to do
so egg-shaped
design beautiful and what but in your
budget with super sauce we actually have
this it's a type of recipe cosmic so
what's lasted it was local grassroots in
the back very predominant elusive sugar
very straight and we have the recipe
consummate which we're just going to
emulsify
so as you can see that is getting nice
foam so I just put a little bit on the
plate yeah
yeah
beautiful okay well so there we have it
a delicious dessert you know what I
believe that mano is waiting for me
although what it's beautiful this thank
you very much thank you but I think
that's the beautiful but more
importantly it's no money but the mood
is more important and that's this after
with shopping was a that's a yes
supposing we went to fight with the
raspberry so great we're not gonna try
this delicious said I look so good doing
this so quite black crackers there's a
very French I like the quack-quack
Wow have you ever ate with ice cream
beautiful
very very good the freshness of this is
a dreadful acidity which breaks down
with the sweetness but it fridge that's
really good
and probably Susan it's very good yeah
now that's the great thing I mean here
in Champaign how could we not just drink
champagne that and as Arnold says when
you don't know which one to choose for
your dinner
yeah do you take when shopping for order
dish you take the
you take the brother named you take your
z4 Minister that sounds great
very very good yes so good what can I
say I've just had another amazing time
here in Champaign this young chef I know
lot more at lesser chocolate was with
two Michelin stars you guys just have to
come and check this food out it's so
good thank you very much thank you
actually I'm going to be I welcome you
thank you so much I hope you see you
maybe sometime in the United States know
whatever Los Angeles why not come to LA
so this is actually James another
amazing episode of Christian culture
here in Champaign I look forward to
seeing you somewhere soon thank you
Cheers
now see
to recipes tips and information about
today's program visit us online at
www.azpbs.org/volunteer to take care of
at the press and after this we do the
blending so we have a large pallet to
get the cubed we will leave the bottle
like this with the yeast with the leaves
during at least 3 years so that's
interesting